welcome to another video is me and eyes
of pokemon and today we bring another
top 5 to the channel a bit controversial already
that we will talk about some pokemon
which to the great majority of the party
of the public did not like to use and
these are the legendary pokémon so
regular these are very strong pokemon and
clear very difficult to capture since
they are pokemon which appear
only once in the game but in
this tone we will focus on the
difficulty when capturing or the
status that these pokemon have but in
its competitive use so we started in
ranked number 5 we still have pokemon
which may seem very strong and
inclusive that would hang on your tree
Christmas but do not be fooled by your
resident appearance of the third
generation and pokemon with statistics
incredible is touring and the pokemon of this
post is a very strong pokémon with
great statistics a lot of
different strategies
from super offensive being scalar
up to a completely variant
defensive and even a variant a
so annoying to fling this pokemon
has a lot to offer as it has
many and very varied
of use for this is that this pokemon what
we place at number 5
now going up to number 4 with a
pokemon that like its predecessor in
this top is a pokemon that to simple
seen if it can seem very tender and very
sweet but at the minimum careless this
Pokemon can and will destroy everything
pokemon team that will be dessert opposite
the pokemon we're talking about is a victim and
legendary fifth generation type
fire and psychic type a legendary with
equally highly enviable statistics
and an incredible destructive power this
pokemon usually go as attacker can be
both physical and special some that
another mixed variant or even store
breaker but in itself the essence of this
pokemon is to be destroyer and good friends
this would be number 4 now
going to post number 3 we
we found a pokemon visually
amazing of my favorites when speaking in
this topic but for now we just
we will focus on its competitive use on
pokemon I speak always seems to go
offensive and with just reasons since
stands out in this aspect
we talk about the powerful legendary dog
second generation rayco how curious
and ironically it is not a dog but good
this is already another matter
all the variants or at least the
standard of this legendary powerful are
offensive can be from you going
for being a solbes being this variant
more resistant and probably the most
difficult to use this pokemon that
is the one of your mine call but once
is used well in nothing can stop it
one of the gems of this pokemon is that
he only has a weakness which
gives enough points in the number position
2 and nothing to keep the position
number 1 we have a pretty pokemon
curious since it has more than one way and
to be honest both love me
pokemon of the trio of clouds the genius
tornadoes both forms of this pokemon
they are amazing competitively speaking
one more used than the other but that
yes both very strong the most daring my
favorite and we'll talk about the day
today the totem form a variant
totally offensive being perfect
user for life sphere the vest
has these two balance being the objects
more used in the pokemon than by
certain one has a great speed and both
attack statistics
and in the number 1 position my pokemon
legendary favorite sixth pokemon
generation of fairy type the strongest
that we have seen in this top and inclusive
spa the pull of the shooters is nothing
more and nothing less than being a pokémon
amazing that can destroy everything
pokemon that is put in front of you
of the best bus movements
check control if you do not take anything in the
team to stop this pokemon will be able
destroy complete equipment though
being the best strategy and
probably the most used of this
Pokemon Geocontrol is not the only
since it has an infinity of variants
since it can be from scart up
completely defensive and for this by
a lot of reasons more this pokemon
without any doubt it is my legendary
favorite and it's not but I think that
it would be all for this top that I hope that
they liked it very much already know that
if they liked it, I would appreciate infinitely
a little hand up hopefully we can reach
the small goal for this video so
only 500 likes to bring another top here
to the channel likewise you already know that they are
very invited that here the
comments leave me
5 pokémon legendary favorites of
I would really love to know what they are
the legendary pokémon that most
they like but good here I say goodbye
thanks for all the support equally already
you know that here they have the link or
somewhere on the screen including
to go see the top to previous that was
of my 5 favorite type pokemon
normal but good here I say goodbye
thanks for so much support are incredible
Until next time and goodbye friends